[Service Bus] Add changelog for recent service bus PRs (#9703)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/core/core-amqp/CHANGELOG.md

  where operations that used the `RequestResponseLink` and encountered an error
  would fail to cleanup their internal timer.
  This caused exiting the process to be delayed until the timer reached its timeout.

> - Ensures `message_id` is added to the request to be sent, this helps in determining the right response for a request when multiple send requests are made in parallel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If none is present, add a unique id to `message_id` on the request to be sent when using the `RequestResponseLink`. This helps in determining the right response for the request when multiple send requests are made in parallel.
```
